Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/web-forms-dashboard-color-dashboard-item-elements: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T491831)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Dashboard for Web Forms - How to Color Dashboard Item Elements

> The following example shows how to color dashboard item elements at runtime. For this, handle the [ViewerApiExtensionOptions.onItemElementCustomColor](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/js-DevExpress.Dashboard.ViewerApiExtensionOptions?p=netframework#js_devexpress_dashboard_viewerapiextensionoptions_onitemelementcustomcolor) event. Get the item's [multidimensional data](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/403003/web-dashboard/dashboard-control-for-javascript-applications-jquery-knockout-etc/obtain-underlying-and-displayed-data#client-data-structure) and apply the color to the dashboard item's element based on the condition.

Reviewer: What are `dashboard item elements`? Do you mean a dashboard item's elements / elements of dashboard items?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to color a dashboard item's elements at runtime. To do this, handle the [ViewerApiExtensionOptions.onItemElementCustomColor](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/js-DevExpress.Dashboard.ViewerApiExtensionOptions?p=netframework#js_devexpress_dashboard_viewerapiextensionoptions_onitemelementcustomcolor) event, get the item's [multidimensional data](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/403003/web-dashboard/dashboard-control-for-javascript-applications-jquery-knockout-etc/obtain-underlying-and-displayed-data#client-data-structure), and apply the color to the dashboard item's element based on the condition.
```

> The image below displays the dashboard items whose values are colored based on their values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image below displays dashboard items whose values are colored based on their values:
```

> - [Chart item](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/117159/web-dashboard/create-dashboards-on-the-web/dashboard-item-settings/chart#client-data-structure): For 2014 year, values that exceed 30k are colored in green, values below 17k are colored in red, and values that fall into the range between 170k and 30k are colored in gray.

Reviewer: `For 2014 year` In English, we do not add 'year' after the number

```suggestion
- [Chart item](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/117159/web-dashboard/create-dashboards-on-the-web/dashboard-item-settings/chart#client-data-structure): For 2014, values that exceed 30k are colored green, values below 17k are red, and values between 170k and 30k are gray.
```

> - [Pie item](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/117162/web-dashboard/create-dashboards-on-the-web/dashboard-item-settings/pies#client-data-structure): Values below 80k are colored in yellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Pie item](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/117162/web-dashboard/create-dashboards-on-the-web/dashboard-item-settings/pies#client-data-structure): Values below 80k are colored yellow.
```
